README.md, before:

# Flask Study and Envrionment :earth_asia:
I refer to [Jump to Flask](https://wikidocs.net/book/4542)   
Window  
VS Code  
Git Bash  
Python (So Obviously)

# What I learned from this book (Python and Terminal Basic) :facepunch:
**1. @decorator function of python**  
- It is used for add more actions of function without revising  
- It is little bit complicated but very useful!  

**2. Terminal Issues**  
- Windows Terminal somtimes raise error because Using '' Not "  "  :confused:    
- Somtimes.. we don't need "SPACE BAR"    
- We can easily run codes with cmd file! (You should not use space bar...!)
  
**3. Making Envrionments**  
- It is VERY USEFUL for developers when each project require different version of libraries  
- We can be less worried about version conflict or conflict between project !!  
- and I think it is more easier to connect with Git..!  

# What I learned from this book (Flask) :blue_book:  
**1. Basic Things of Flask**  
- We have to run flask  _at project directory_
- Role of _create_app()_
- Role and Usage of _Blue Print_
- DB Connecting with model, ORM, SQLite
- DB Modification, Update and Inquire with Python Codes (But I think I will prefer SQL..)
- Setting DB's Type and Key Setting and Relationship Between Tables  

    **8.17**
- Template Tags that are ofren used in Flask (if, for, object) 
- 200 : Success   
  500 : Internal Server Error(it means my code's somewhere is wrong...)   
  404 : Not Found (it means I should make codes about other cases..!)  
- Role and Usage of _redirect_
- Role and Usage of _url_for()_ (Very Useful)
- Role of _request_ (I wonder if is almost same with request function of Crawling)

    **8.19**
- Adjust Design with _CSS_ 
- Design Web Page more easier with _Bootstrap_ !! 


    **8.20**
- It is so AMAZNG to desing with _"card component" of Boostrap_
  - I think I should organize list of bootstrap's classes..! So useful!
- How to change of template file to standard HTML structure.


# What I learned from this boos (Miscellaneous) :exclamation:
**1. HTML**
- If there are template code in Comment(주석) like {%%}, TemplateSyntaxError is raised.

  **8.20**
- There are _Standard of HTML_
  - HTML structure should have _html, head, body element_ and css file link should be in _head element_ 
  - Flask provide to us for changing of template to HTML Standard !!

**n. Hibbit**
- READ THE ERROR MESSAGES CAREFULLY... PLZ!!!!!!!! it already teachs to you the answer sometimes..! 
- If the function is different, it is better to seperate them by module. It will be easier to maintain projects!! 

# What I want to KNOW :grey_question:
- I don't know why I get messages like _""GET /static/bootstrap.min.css HTTP/1.1" 304 -"_ or _""GET /static/style.css HTTP/1.1" 304 -"_

Commit message:

~ Data Validation with Form Module and Add Question Function

README.md, after:

# Flask Study and Envrionment :earth_asia:
I refer to [Jump to Flask](https://wikidocs.net/book/4542)   
Window  
VS Code  
Git Bash  
Python (So Obviously)

# What I learned from this book (Python and Terminal Basic) :facepunch:
**1. @decorator function of python**  
- It is used for add more actions of function without revising  
- It is little bit complicated but very useful!  

**2. Terminal Issues**  
- Windows Terminal somtimes raise error because Using '' Not "  "  :confused:    
- Somtimes.. we don't need "SPACE BAR"    
- We can easily run codes with cmd file! (You should not use space bar...!)
  
**3. Making Envrionments**  
- It is VERY USEFUL for developers when each project require different version of libraries  
- We can be less worried about version conflict or conflict between project !!  
- and I think it is more easier to connect with Git..!  

# What I learned from this book (Flask) :blue_book:  
**1. Basic Things of Flask**  
- We have to run flask  _at project directory_
- Role of _create_app()_
- Role and Usage of _Blue Print_
- DB Connecting with model, ORM, SQLite
- DB Modification, Update and Inquire with Python Codes (But I think I will prefer SQL..)
- Setting DB's Type and Key Setting and Relationship Between Tables  

    **8.17**
- Template Tags that are ofren used in Flask (if, for, object) 
- 200 : Success   
  500 : Internal Server Error(it means my code's somewhere is wrong...)   
  404 : Not Found (it means I should make codes about other cases..!)  
- Role and Usage of _redirect_
- Role and Usage of _url_for()_ (Very Useful)
- Role of _request_ (I wonder if is almost same with request function of Crawling)

    **8.19**
- Adjust Design with _CSS_ 
- Design Web Page more easier with _Bootstrap_ !! 


    **8.20**
- It is so AMAZNG to desing with _"card component" of Boostrap_
  - I think I should organize list of bootstrap's classes..! So useful!
- How to change of template file to standard HTML structure.

    **8.21**
- Data Validation with _Form Mudule_
- _SERET KEY_ for Detection from _CSRF Attack_


# What I learned from this boos (Miscellaneous) :exclamation:
**1. HTML**
- If there are template code in Comment(주석) like {%%}, TemplateSyntaxError is raised.

  **8.20**
- There are _Standard of HTML_
  - HTML structure should have _html, head, body element_ and css file link should be in _head element_ 
  - Flask provide to us for changing of template to HTML Standard !!

**n. Hibbit**
- READ THE ERROR MESSAGES CAREFULLY... PLZ!!!!!!!! it already teachs to you the answer sometimes..! 
- If the function is different, it is better to seperate them by module. It will be easier to maintain projects!! 

# What I want to KNOW :grey_question:
- I don't know why I get messages like _""GET /static/bootstrap.min.css HTTP/1.1" 304 -"_ or _""GET /static/style.css HTTP/1.1" 304 -"_
